Liu Xian, what's the matter with this girl?
All confessed so soon
It's not enough to achieve more than to lose
I can tell you where he is
But I want to know
How did you know I wasn't your daughter, Sue?
Tsing Yi
Because you don't have scars.
What do you mean?
It's okay to tell you
Before Su Tsing Yi disappeared 15 years ago
I gave him an operation.
Neither Zhou Wenmei nor Xiaohui knew about this
Surgery 15 years ago
15 years ago, Young Master Su had a kidney graft surgery
Could it be that
Could it be that the kidney you replaced for him was the kidney of Dr. Suqian?
You're very smart.
No wonder no wonder what
No wonder he has been in poor health.
You can't drink.
No strenuous exercise
It turns out that there is only one body in his body
Where am I now?
Ah!
No wonder Mr. Zhou has been unable to find the influence of Su Qin
It turned out that Mr. Su was behind the scenes
If I'm not mistaken
15 years.
Master Su now needs a new kidney source to save his life
Mr. Su, you are in a hurry to find your daughter
Not to compensate him
I want to take away another thing from him
You're very smart.
But don't play these little tricks in front of Lao Tzu
Do you know
If Mr. Su wants to save your son's life
The woman who wants to find you
I have to promise you a condition.
Are you qualified to negotiate terms with me? No he has